Q1. Create a list of size 20 with random numbers from 1 to 9.

a) Write a function to find all the unique elements of a list. If an element is found only once in the list, 
    then add that element to the resultant list.

b) Write a function to find all the duplicate elements in the list. If an element is repeated more than once in 
    the list, then add that repeated element to the resultant dictionary along with its no. of occurrences.

c) Write a function to create a list of unique elements. Each element is present once in the resultant list.

Q2. Write a program to print the sum of the second largest element from all the even position and second 
    smallest from all the odd position of a given list.

Q3. Write a Python script to rotate the elements of a list such that the element at the first index moves to the 
    second index, the element at the second index moves to the third index, ..., and the element at the last 
    index moves to the first index.

Q4. Find mean, median, mode for the given set of numbers in a list without importing library functions from 
    statistics.

Q5. Create a list with numbers from 0 to 20.

a) Use lambda along with the filter function to pick out all numbers divisible with both 3 and 5 from the list.

b) Use list comprehension to get the square of each number of the list.

c) Create a list of numbers by taking input from the user. Use reduce function along with lambda to find product 
    of all numbers.

Q6. Create a decorator so that you can add some extra functionality of adding the two numbers only if they are 
    positive. If any number is negative, then take it as 0 during adding.

Q7. Create a generator function to generate n prime numbers.

8. Create a dictionary by placing key: value pairs.

(i) Print the value of a dictionary by value for the specific key.

(ii) Add an item to a dictionary by assigning a value to a new key.

(iii) Remove an element from a dictionary.

(iv) Change the value of a dictionary element by referring to its key.

(v) Iterate through dictionary keys one by one.

(vi) Find length of the dictionary.

9.

(i) Initialize two sets (s1 and s2).

(ii) Take a few integer numbers from the user (with proper prompt) for set s1, and a few for set s2. Some numbers 
    may be common to both and some may be unique.

(iii) Now ask the user for which set operation (Union, Intersection, Set Difference, Symmetric difference) he/she 
    wishes to perform.

(iv) Depending on the input, carry out the operation and show the result to the user in appropriate format.

10. You are given a list L. Write a program to print first prime number encountered in the list L. 
    (Treat numbers below and equal to 1 as non prime).

11. Create a list with n numbers, accept n from user. Some elements are repeated in the list. Find indices of a 
    number which occurred multiple times in list.

12. Create a list. Sort the list elements using customized sort function. Where key function return abs(n-50).

6. Write a program to combine two lists into a dictionary. 1st list contains roll no from 1 to 25 and second list 
    reads names from a file.